<!-- ---
layout: post
title:  "Habits"
date:   2018-07-22
desc: "Habits"
keywords: "Blog"
categories: [Blog]
tags: [Blog]
icon: icon-html
--- -->


For a while now I have been consumed with trying to optimize my relationship with my mind and body.  As new inspiring ideas hit me, from either reading and research, they tend to highlight my weakness.  I have found countless things to improve my life however the implementation of them is rough.  I begin to tackle the problems but being consistent with them and forming them into a habit is another story entirely. The only way for me to learn how to track and manage these new formed habits was through an app.  The app I was using was simply a list of daily tasks that were checked off when completed.  It was simple and it worked, but it felt empty.  There was no pros and cons to completing or not completing the tasks.  Therefore it was time to look elsewhere.  I have heard of an app called Beeminder where people actually pledge their own money to complete their tasks, and if they don't, they don't get the money back.  I am sure this method is quite effective with its scare tactics but not something I am to comfortable with.  Therefore I've been constantly swapping and figuring out different apps to motivate me until my reading gave me one.  I was reading a book by Thomas Frank, a youtuber known for his productivity techniques, and he mentioned how he uses an app called Habitica.  Habitica is an app that tracks daily tasks, to do lists, habits, and it is in the form of an RPG "Role Playing Game"!  You create an avatar and you set up all the different tasks you want to accomplish, and by checking them off, you gain rewards such as experience, gold, etc.  If you don't complete them or preform a bad habit, you are penalized.  You can form parties and do challenges with friends.  You can purchase items to make your avatar stronger from the gold you have accumulated.  What is funny, is that I have had this type of image in my head for a long time.  In my MMORPG playing days, I fantasized and dreamed about them being real.  For example I would be water my plants and be leveling up my farming experience, letting me plant new crops and harvest more valuable things.  I would be coding and be leveling up my engineering & development experience, letting me create new types of powerful technology.  Visualizing all of my daily activities as an MMORPG would show us really who we are and what we care about.  Imagine walking up to a neighbor and seeing his fishing level is so high, that would instantly be a fun talking point.  I think this fantasy of people's strengths and weaknesses being more visible and open seems fun and could help with the way people communicate with each other.  I know I went off topic a bit, but personally seeing this app holds alot of value to me and I am so thankful I found it.  I will continue to track my habits and progress my skills through it.  Maybe one day Ill be a level 100 engineer or a level 100 chef, or a random spread of many things, who knows, but its fun to see where I am.

---
