# Introduction
"In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity" [Sun Tzu, A Arte da Guerra]. Chaos is the only reliable constant in this life and often is what leads to a tipping point.  Living through it there is pain, burden, an internal struggle that must be fought.  There is a fine line between being consumed by it and residing safely in it's shadow.  A guilty mistake would be avoidance, letting the lingering feelings exponentially weighing you down.  In search of a middle ground, a calm focus can be obtained.  This calm focus filtering through the noise and traffic, providing insight and clarity to reality.

# Philosophy
"I think human consciousness was a tragic misstep in evolution, we became too self-aware, ... we are things under the illusion of having a self... programmed with the assurance that we are each somebody, when in fact everybody's nobody."  [Rust Cohle, True Detective]  Taking a step back through meditation, reflection, and surrounding oneself with nature, we can begin to detach oneself from self driven motives.  Motives that intend to distract and hinder our true potential and meaning, ultimately controlling us.  Ranging from food, education, entertainment, on and on, our self driven motives obscure and prevent ourselves from pushing further.  Living in comfortable bubbles until it is popped, and a overwhelming storm tears us apart.  From youth we are prepared improperly for this world, sheltered, hidden, and distracted.  

# Health


# Studying


# Conclusion  
